# FarsheedShahbazi.github.io
Creating a webpage
# Farsheed Shahbazi Bio

my research interests are all interdisciplinary, with a major concentration on the interface of chemistry with biology and medicine. I completed his Master's degree in Inorganic Chemistry  in 2016. I worked in as a Formulator in Several companies from 2013, and he started his own business as a product formulation consultant. By starting sanctions In 2019, he moved to Canada to join Dr. Trant's Group. my experiences vary widely from academic to industrial science. During postdoctoral fellow I worked widely from inorganic chemistry and computational biochemistry to structural biology, cannabis science and methaloproteins, design prostate cancer specific imaging agent of PSMA and computational biochemistry, understand mechanism of reactivation of P53 by COTI-2 and inhibition of RAS proteins by COTI-219 for Cotinga company, metal organic framework, and materials science along with minor cannabinoids in central nervous system, machine learning and drug discovery. The major focus of his industrial research is centered around addressing challenging problems in formulation and production of antibacterial, antiviral and antifungal and cosmetic products, especially by starting Covid-19 pandemic focus on novel-type of Hand Sanitizers as a Science R&D Director at Prodigie Innovation Involved Company from 2020. Since 2022 he has also been COO and Senior applicant Specialist of computational chemistry Binary Star Research Services company. I stablished my own company in 2022, SEVSANTECH INC., and  I currently focused to work as a consultant in computer-aid drug design for biotech companies. 


■ **Teaching Philosophy:**
My goal is to assist students in developing chemical fluency by teaching them the fundamentals that underlying chemical reactivity and biological activity and interactions. I focus on the improvement of core problem-solving and analytical skills in addition to teaching the chemistry language. I firmly believe that teaching students how chemistry, the "core science," interacts with biology and materials science improves learning. This is after all my research. Modern tools are used in the classroom, including social media and other online resources that allow for student-student engagement. However, I still use physical or digital blackboards while speaking since they provide me more control over the pace of content delivery than electronic presentations do. My method entails looking at each idea from various perspectives, verbal explanation, including the use of comparison, and finally turning to PowerPoint for a (molecular) animation to provide an alternative picture. The subject is then further developed by a few problems on the board, followed by additional examples in take-home assignments.
My classes emphasise being able to address new challenges since I really believe in upholding the best standards of instruction. I introduce lab work to my students as early as possible. The most crucial aspect of education we can give our students, in my opinion, is a lengthy, rigorous research experience. I give all of my graduate and undergraduate students a lot of freedom to follow their own research interests within the framework of the overall programme. I've discovered that if I assign responsibility, they accept it and go above and beyond.
Like many disciplines, I think chemistry benefits from an inclusive and varied research environment. As a result, I actively seek out students from underrepresented groups, regardless of their ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, ability, or gender identity. I have taught introductory and advanced courses in inorganic chemistry. I've also had experience instructing introductory chemistry courses in biochemistry and medicinal chemistry, among other fields. My trainees and students get the ability to think critically and on their own. They also acquire excellent problem-solving abilities. These abilities will help people in their chosen careers no matter what challenges they face in the future, even if they do not go on to become professional scientists.


# MY Goal
My goal is understanding metalloproteins, enzymes for study on in-silico and experimentally on the disease that are related to the metal ions. A deep understanding of the bioinorganic chemistry of metal–protein interactions associated with degenerative diseases can pave the road for the design of multifunctional molecules with therapeutic potential. Role of metal ions in biological systems, chemistry, biochemistry, environmental science, and medicine are important. Most people who focus on drug discovery come from biology, chemistry and biochemistry background. I’m one of few people who has Inorganic chemistry Background focused on computational biology and molecular modeling to model metal ions behavior with more accuracy, as metal ions are involved in mysteries disease such as alzheimer, parkinson, cancer and … .